# HUB75
HUB75 LED Matrix driver for STM32 using HAL.  
Primary development and testing currently performed on two HUB75e 64x64 RGB LED panels in series.

## Example

Example usage of this library can be found in file [example/Src/example.cpp](https://github.com/petoknm/HUB75/blob/master/example/Src/example.cpp).

Disclaimer!

The `example` directory contains a project generated by STM32CubeMX and 
contains files copyrighted by STMicroelectronis, ARM and others. I clearly 
separated my library code from the example code because I don't want to 
infringe any copyright issues. I however find it necessary to include the 
files in the example so that users can get started more easily. It would be 
nice if STMicroelectronics published a git repo with the code, so that I could
just include it as a git submodule. But because of the current distribution
limitations I put the files in directly. The source files are publicly 
available at [ST's website](http://www.st.com/st-web-ui/static/active/en/st_prod_software_internet/resource/technical/software/firmware/stm32cubef4.zip) 
and I don't claim any kind of ownership of the copyrighted files.

## Terms & Definitions

- `Pixel` := an arbitrary color depth and format pixel value that models the Pixel concept
- `PinRow` := a row of 6 consequent GPIO pins sharing the same GPIO port
- `LedFrame` := a frame of 1-bit color pixel data to be pushed to the display directly
- `Frame` := a frame of pixel data using any `Pixel` type to be displayed on the display

## Prerequisites
\*Requires a compiler that supports C++14 and Concepts TS (`-fconcepts` flag)
- `arm-none-eabi-gcc`
- `cmake`
- `make`

## Building
```shell
cmake .
make
```